---
layout: post
title: "SAD DAY"
author: carl_hicks 
categories:
link:
excerpt: "Today NPR officially pulled the plug on the 'Tell Me More' program hosted by Michel Martin."
tags: [random,opinion]
image:
   feature:
date: 2014-08-01T03:08:45-6:00
comments: true
share: true
modified:
---

Today NPR official pulled the plug on the 'Tell Me More' program hosted by Michel Martin. I think the excuse given by NPR's content director was particularly strange:  

>[The reasons for the closure, as Chief Content Officer Kinsey Wilson has made clear in a number of public statements, are that the show had a relatively small audience, lost money and is a victim of shifting strategies to keep up with changing times. One change is the growth of excellent local talk shows by member stations; many don't need or want to run the national show. See the chart at the bottom. The other reason is that while NPR's on-air audience has been stagnating, its online audience has been growing dynamically; more internal resources are being freed to meet the digital demand.](http://www.npr.org/blogs/ombudsman/2014/06/28/325193324/race-at-npr-and-the-end-of-tell-me-more)  

What I found particularly odd about the reasoning behind pulling the show outside of losing one of the only shows on the network's terrestrial radio lineup, handling diversity issues, is the explanation behind the shift to help in keeping up with the move to digital platforms. I don not see why you could not accomplish both goals with a simple restructuring of the terrestrial radio of the show. I am extremely aware of the high cost of what it takes to produce a high quality daily terrestrial radio show. I am also equally aware that the listening habits of outside of terrestrial radio is very different. But its does seem like reformatting the show and condensing it down from a daily show to a once a week show could have accomplished multiple goals. From freeing up the staff to work on other digital properties to cutting cost of doing a daily show.  
<br>
Oh well.
